[APM Basic] Integrate APM Basic docs into existing APM sections (#35777)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/_index.md

## Overview

Datadog Application Performance Monitoring (APM) provides deep visibility into your applications, enabling you to identify performance bottlenecks, troubleshoot issues, and optimize your services. With distributed tracing, out-of-the-box dashboards, and correlation with other telemetry data, Datadog APM helps you maintain performance and improve user experience.

For an introduction to terminology used in Datadog APM, see [APM Terms and Concepts][1].

## Getting started

To get started with APM, use [Single Step Instrumentation][27]. This installs the Datadog Agent and instruments your application in one step, enabling full distributed tracing with no additional configuration required.

For more control, Datadog supports custom instrumentation with Datadog tracing libraries and [Dynamic Instrumentation][30] in the Datadog UI. To learn more, read [Application Instrumentation][2].

> If you have services that are not instrumented—legacy systems, third-party services, or environments where instrumentation is not practical—[APM Basic][31] provides baseline service visibility by collecting RED metrics from network traffic without instrumentation. APM Basic is also a good fit for staging or other environments where full instrumentation is not needed.

Author: ```suggestion
If some parts of your system are not instrumented—such as legacy systems, third-party services, or environments where instrumentation is impractical or unnecessary—[APM Basic][31] provides baseline service visibility by collecting RED metrics from network traffic. It is also suitable for staging or other environments where full instrumentation is not required.
```
